Before we wrap up this module and course,
let's look at our application.yml file.
Now, having the client‑secret in plain text is a no‑no.
At the very least, this should be encrypted.
To achieve this, you can check out my previous course,
but these values should probably be stored in a secure data store,
ideally, a centralized secret management solution,
like Vault by HashiCorp.
Next, in production, you need to use HTTPS.
It's a must‑have.
And again, you can get a free certificate with Let's Encrypt,
so there's no excuses.
Check out this module for more details on that.
And finally, exception handling to prevent those default WhiteLevel error pages.
Let's get back to wrapping up this module.
With authorities, roles, and scopes, there is no right way of doing things.
There are many options out there,
and you really need to tailor it to your
application's security requirements; however,
generally, roles and authorities are for users and scopes for clients.
Okay, now that completes the module and the course.
In future courses,
we will look at using OAuth to secure service
communication and more advanced authorization.
Now,
feel free to leave feedback or any questions you might have in
the comments and subscribe if you want to get notifications of
future courses in this space.
All the source code can be downloaded from the exercise
files or the following Git location. Thank you for watching my course, and I really hope you found it useful.